# C14T3
观点题

**some people think that** music can be as a wide but enjoyable method which bring people, who has different cultural backgrounds and age gap, together. **While I do agree with the idea that** music is a excellent way of bringing people from different cultures together, **I don't think that** it will play a part between people of different ages.

**There are several reasons why** I believe that music is a good way bring people of different cultures together. **Firstly**, It's very common that people come from different countries and have different cultural background prefer the same kind of music or the same musician or singer. **For example**, the people from China may be love British classical music the same as the people from the United States, even though they live in different cultural contexts/settings. **Secondly**, AS a form of arts and cultures, music is the common wealth of human being and all over the world; it does not the particular country's belonging. **Finally**, music plays an important role in culture communication; a new type of music can be formed by learning other countries' music culture，and by listening other countries’ music，people can learn other cultures so as to get people more together.

**In my opinion, I don't think** music is an good and effective way put different ages people together. **(explain why)**People of different age stages may be prefer different kinds of music. **(example)** Young people are more like pop-music and rock-music, and older people are more likely fond of classical music, and children and baby are prefer Nursery rhymes. **Furthermore**, to understand some music need particular knowledge, especially classical music. **(explain why)**It's difficult for younger people and children to master this knowledge.

**In conclusion, my view is that** music is an excellent way to bringing people of different culture settings, but it may be not an effective way of get different ages people together. 